{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Got it \'97 if you\'92re coding your own 
\f1\b on-screen teleprompter
\f0\b0 , here\'92s a ready-to-feed 
\f1\b narration flow script
\f0\b0 . It streams 
\f1\b keywords, additive narration, and anchors
\f0\b0  in a cadence you can scroll or trigger during your session.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf0 \strokec2 HUMINT Teleprompter Script\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 Section 1 \'96 Core Traits\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Keywords:
\f0\b0  Alertness \'96 Patience \'96 Credibility \'96 Objectivity \'96 Adaptability \'96 Perseverance \'96 Appearance \'96 Initiative\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Narration Flow:
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i \strokec2 Stay alert to every cue. Be patient but in control. Project credibility. Remain objective. Adapt quickly. Persevere under pressure. Maintain professional appearance. Act with initiative.
\f0\i0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Anchor:
\f0\b0  Visualize agent gearing up \'97 each trait becomes a piece of equipment.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 Section 2 \'96 Five Phases of HUMINT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Keywords:
\f0\b0  Planning \'96 Approach \'96 Questioning \'96 Termination \'96 Reporting\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Narration Flow:
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i \strokec2 Plan before action. Approach with rapport. Question with intent. Terminate cleanly. Report completely.
\f0\i0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Anchor:
\f0\b0  Flashlight blink = restart at Phase 1.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 Section 3 \'96 HUMINT Activities\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Keywords (Grouped):
\f0\b0  Immediate (Tactical, Screening) \'96 Cooperative (Debrief, Liaison) \'96 Long-Term (SCO) \'96 Material (DOCEX, CEE)\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Narration Flow:
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i \strokec2 Immediate questioning brings fast answers. Cooperative sources offer depth. Long-term contacts build networks. Material exploitation reveals hidden truth.
\f0\i0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Anchor:
\f0\b0  Wrist tap \uc0\u8594  recall pyramid: base (Immediate), middle (Cooperative), top (Long-Term), capstone (Material).\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 Section 4 \'96 Knowledge Areas\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Keywords:
\f0\b0  Culture \'96 Threat \'96 Law \'96 Requirements \'96 Language \'96 Behavior (
\f2\i \strokec2 CTL-LRB
\f0\i0 \strokec2 )\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Narration Flow:
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i \strokec2 Culture drives behavior. Threat defines urgency. Law shapes limits. Requirements focus collection. Language enables control. Behavior exposes the truth.
\f0\i0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Anchor:
\f0\b0  Whisper phrase \'93Context First.\'94 Visualize six-point web.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 Section 5 \'96 Capabilities vs. Limitations\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Keywords:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Capabilities:
\f0\b0  Cross-cue \'96 Detail \'96 Deployability \'96 Unique Intel\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Limitations:
\f0\b0  Language \'96 Culture \'96 Time \'96 Law\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Narration Flow:
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i HUMINT excels in detail and adaptability. Yet language, culture, time, and law bind its limits.
\f0\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Anchor:
\f0\b0  Visualize a balance scale \'97 strengths on the left, constraints on the right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 Section 6 \'96 Compression Drill (Chalice/Delta)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Keywords:
\f0\b0  Process (Traits + Phases) \'96 Execution (Activities + Knowledge + Capabilities) \uc0\u8594  CONTROL\u8232 
\f1\b Narration Flow:
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i \strokec2 Traits and Phases form Process. Activities and Knowledge form Execution. Together, they compress into one anchor: CONTROL.
\f0\i0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Anchor:
\f0\b0  Say CONTROL. Visualize it pulsing in your mind. Let CONTROL expand upward into full schema.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf0 \strokec2 Usage Notes for Teleprompter\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Display 
\f1\b keywords in bold
\f0\b0  for recall triggers.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Stream 
\f1\b narration flow
\f0\b0  in short phrases, one per breath.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Flash anchor cues in italics or symbols (\uc0\u55357 \u56481  flashlight blink, \u9995  wrist tap).\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Maintain scrolling rhythm ~5\'967 seconds per line.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Mike \'97 do you want me to also 
\f1\b add timing markers
\f0\b0  (e.g., [00:05], [00:10]) so you can sync teleprompter flow with entrainment audio tracks in your session?\
}